clusteroperator: update doc (#109)
kurator-dev/kurator: docs/content/en/docs/Cluster operator/quickstart.md

---
title: "Quick start"
linkTitle: "Quick start"
description: >

>   The easest way to get start with Kurator cluster operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The easist way to get started with Kurator cluster operator.
```

Reviewer: easiest

Reviewer: Only use `Kurator` in title, otherwise use small cased

---

In this tutorial we’ll cover the basics of how to use Cluster API and Kurator cluster operator to create one or more Kubernetes clusters.

## Setup kubernetes clusters with Kind

Deploy a kubernetes cluster using kurator's scripts. This script will create three clusters for you, one is used to host Karmada control plane and the other two will be joined as member clusters.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kurator-dev/kurator.git
cd kurator

> hack/local-dev-setup.sh

Reviewer: we donot need to create three clusters

```

## Build `cluster-operator` from source

Build cluster operator image:

```console
make docker
```

Build cluster operator helm chart:

```console
make gen-chart
```

Load image to kind cluster:

```console
kind load docker-image ghcr.io/kurator-dev/cluster-operator:latest --name kurator
```

> ## Install cert manager

Reviewer: suggest making the cluster preparation and cert-manager as prerequisites

Kurator cluster operator depends on [cert manager CA injector](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/ca-injector).

***Please make sure cert manager is ready before install cluster operator***

```console
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
helm repo update
kubectl create namespace cert-manager
helm install -n cert-manager cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager --set installCRDs=true
```

## Install cluster operator

```console
# Please make sure cert manager is ready before install cluster operator
kubectl create namespace kurator-system
helm install kurator-base out/charts/base-0.1.0.tgz -n kurator-system
helm install -f <your_custom_values>.yaml -n kurator-system kurator-cluster-operator out/charts/cluster-operator-0.1.0.tgz
```

## Create a vanilla cluster on AWS

The clusterctl CLI tool handles the lifecycle of a Cluster API management cluster.

```console
# download clusterctl
curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/releases/download/v1.2.5/clusterctl-linux-amd64 -o clusterctl
sudo install -o root -g root -m 0755 clusterctl /usr/local/bin/clusterctl
# verify version
clusterctl version
```

> Create a kubernetes cluster on AWS, which contains control plane node and worker node, the cluster topology shows as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a kubernetes cluster on AWS, which contains control plane nodes and worker nodes, the cluster topology shows as follows:
```

{{< image width="75%"
    link="./image/capa-aws.png"
    >}}

```console

> kubectl apply -f manifests/examples/capi-quickstart.yaml

Reviewer: Can you add some desc about how this yaml come out

Author: it's generated by `clusterctl generate`, but the tools will not work with our deploy mode.

---
title: "Quick start"
linkTitle: "Quick start"
description: >
  The easiest way to get start with Kurator.
---

In this tutorial we’ll cover the basics of how to use [Cluster API](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io) and kurator cluster operator to create one or more Kubernetes clusters.

## Prerequisites

### Setup kubernetes clusters with Kind

> Deploy a kubernetes cluster using kurator's scripts. This script will create three clusters for you, one is used to host Karmada control plane and the other two will be joined as member clusters.

Author: my fault

Load image to kind cluster:

```console
kind load docker-image ghcr.io/kurator-dev/cluster-operator:latest --name kurator
```

## Install cluster operator

```console
# Please make sure cert manager is ready before install cluster operator
kubectl create namespace kurator-system
helm install kurator-base out/charts/base-0.1.0.tgz -n kurator-system
helm install -f <your_custom_values>.yaml -n kurator-system kurator-cluster-operator out/charts/cluster-operator-0.1.0.tgz
```

## Create a vanilla cluster on AWS

The clusterctl CLI tool handles the lifecycle of a Cluster API management cluster.

```console
# download clusterctl
curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/releases/download/v1.2.5/clusterctl-linux-amd64 -o clusterctl
sudo install -o root -g root -m 0755 clusterctl /usr/local/bin/clusterctl
# verify version
clusterctl version
```

Create a kubernetes cluster on AWS, which contains control plane nodes and worker nodes, the cluster topology shows as follows:

{{< image width="75%"
    link="./image/capa-aws.png"
    >}}

```console
kubectl apply -f manifests/examples/capi-quickstart.yaml

# verify the control plane is up 
kubectl get kubeadmcontrolplane -w
```

> ***The control plane won’t be Ready until we install a CNI in the next step.***

Reviewer: what's the error result?

Author: there's no error result, `kubeadmcontrolplane` won't be ready.
